we wanted to do a quick demonstration
showing how some advertisements can
actually lead to malware so we're going
to hit the Pirate Bay and search for
he-man you can see the ads everywhere
now at the bottom here you'll notice
there's an ad that looks very similar to
the normal download torrent link which
leads over to update your Flash Player
now you'll notice the domain up top is
plug in missing com it's not anything to
do with adobe's actual flash player
so we'll go ahead and hit run on that
then you'll notice our security software
at the bottom right actually popping up
telling you that this file was actually
a malicious file so it's not actually
adobe flash it's just made to look like
Adobe Flash so you'll notice there's
some problems with this site such as
uninstall spelled incorrectly at the
bottom things like that here's the virus
total results where you can actually see
independent confirmation of the
malicious file so they're actually
advertising for malware here we'll just
show you a few different sites before
and after a trap just so you can get a
feel for what ad trap will do for you so
you can see there's just add to
everywhere all over these pages this one
looks like idiocracy it's so bad it's
read it now we're going to refresh the
page and show you what it looks like
after ad trap just so you can get an
idea of what it does for you you can see
the page is completely clean much easier
to read the links that had malware and
things like that are all gone so much
less chance of getting infected since
they're not actually there
you can see the side banners are gone
even backgrounds and things like that
just completely cleaned up
major difference on this site
then we'll show you a little bit of the
interface real-time blocked ads so this
shows you all the ads that were just
recently blocked during the
demonstration here that actually Scrolls
in real time as you click through ads
some of the menu items the interface is
pretty much done at this point so this
is a pretty good idea of what it's
actually going to look like in your
hands